The human body is composed of about 60 trillion cells
All tissues and organs are aggregates of cells
Masu have Tei
In the beginning, only one fertilized egg repeats division
We will continue to change in the cells that form the nerves and organs muscle
The process by which such a cell's role is determined
Cells that once differentiated in the body call back to undifferentiated state
There is no limit on the ability to grow
Therefore , there are many cases where organs and tissues lost due to accidents or illnesses
Can not play
But this common sense was overturned by ips cells
Hmm
Successful return to undifferentiated state by delivering four genes to differentiated cells
It is
The ability of ips cells to differentiate into all cells throughout the body
Because it has high proliferation ability, it is possible to realize regenerative medicine that creates and documents alternative tissues and organs
Sex came out
For this purpose, it is necessary to cultivate large amounts of ips cells
For example, treatment of heart disease requires approximately 1 billion cells or more
If you cultivate this manually, you will need a lot of culture solution and time as you can see
We research team to solve this task
We tried a technique called three-dimensional floating stirring using a reactor
Each roll in the reactor is often closed to expand sales of the plum king role in three dimensions
Undifferentiated cells with high proliferative capacity increase in number by division
It will increase to acknowledge
However, human ips cells are vulnerable to physical stress
When the flow of by O_eki is disturbed between cells Ya
It collides with a stirring wing and can not multiply well
So the research team corrects the shape of the sales force of the reactor
As a result, the culture fluid will flow laterally at a constant rate.
Agitator wings and cells have gone out of collision
When human ips cells were cultured, it was possible to culture 50 culture dishes in one reactor.
success
me
Compared to conventional manual work
Space saving, high efficiency, low cost has realized mass culture
In addition, we administer specific protein and drug
We also succeeded in differentiating into fungal cells
Necessary for research on regenerative medicine in the future
Also Ya increase in the size of the reactor to a large number of ips cells
We plan to respond by increasing the number
And with the large supply of ips cells, regenerative medicine will reach your stage
Research and development in the use of made in ips cells instead of the experimental animal organization in the field of drug discovery
Will accelerate
Also for people in various organizations
Clinical application using ips cells is about to begin
We further aim to organ creation in the village destination to operate in total the technology of regenerative medicine
Complete the organ factory and open the way to treatment for many patients